Hey there,

Veer is a Lead Data Scientist. He has relevant 27 years of experience, including 15 years in managing and designing innovative data science solution, implementation, and consulting. He is a resourceful Machine Learning Engineer with a strong background in Statistics, Linear Algebra, and Python.

He has led the data science team that develop and maintains the highest levels of data competency, accuracy standards, and reporting capacity across the world. He is passionate about working with large amounts of data and turn into insights. He is extremely analytical, data-oriented and calculated. Even in his personal life, he like to look at data first before making a decision. He like to analyze outcomes.

During his work experience, He had extensive range of responsibilities including selecting features, optimizing classifiers, data mining data, expanding the company’s data by incorporating third-party sources, improving data collection techniques, processing data, and doing ad-hoc analysis. He has excellent communication skills, understanding of algorithms, excellence in the Machine Learning tools, proficient in data visualization and knowledge of databases. He is skilled in building Scalable end-to-end Data Integration, Machine Learning and Deep Learning Pipelines using most prominent and widely used frameworks and technologies like Apache Spark, Scikit Learn, Spark ML, TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, DeepLearning4J, Apache CouchDB and MQTT. He is also handy with Practical Data Science tools like Auto ML, A/B testing, Model Tuning, Pipelines, Feature Engineering and Model Debugging.   

Before transformation to data scientist, he worked as a six sigma black belt consultant. And, as a 6-sigma black belt consultant, he work closely with multiple stakeholders within local, regional and global leadership through extensive relationship building, communication and reporting routines. He has relevant industry experience especially within project management, with proven success in process improvement and implementation projects.
